hey guys what is going on my name is
Chris minecraft today we are doing
another mod showcase we are up on top of
this very very lovely mountain and today
we are really going to jump off of it to
our deaths or not so we are doing the
parachute amount today and it is a small
little mud that just as in these three
items but these three items are in my
opinion freaking awesome okay so
obviously it adds in a parachute where
you jump off you can use it and fly away
and we leave lying a parachute cool yeah
okay good do the recipes so this is I do
the the parachute got three wool to
string one leather and then this is a
auto I had a bit oh I can't even say man
auto activation device with the redstone
comparator redstone and the rip cord and
in order to make the ripcord you need
iron ingot a string and another string
and using all these items or if you just
want to use this item in this item or if
you just want to just saw them in this
item then that's ok but make sure you
use this on before you jump off of
anything it's just kind of how the
warranty works ok so you're adding the
parachute you put it on your chest like
this and then you're on you're wearing
it on your back like that got a little
straps in the front you're looking sexy
I then we'll get ready jump by then you
just actually wait first if you want to
use the Autobot activation device you
can right click then after you fall a
certain amount of distance it will just
the pressure will just pop open or if
you want to do it manually you can
right-click this again you see the
little red dot goes away on top of it if
you right-click red dot means it's on no
red dot min to talk so it's off right
now we're going to use a ripcord and if
you just jump and then right click on
the ripcord it will it will open up so
I'm just going at five mode for this
three two one
love your mama we Rudy yeah I'm in a
fucking parachute what you're gonna do
about it uh-huh yeah all right so there
are only a couple more things to talk
about in this mod and those are the
controls of the parachute now if you
press space if you get up next I'm gonna
show you press space you fly up like
this see how I'm flying up it's called
like thermal thermal wind or thermal
lift or whatever the fuck you want to
call it and then I'm if you're not in
game mode one more guy should not be
let's go VIN mode 0 if you're in game
mode 0 and if you press shift went
through this over body body of water
pressure you are you cut your parachute
quote unquote I got a training and then
cut your parachute I'm just drop oh shit
let's have it all to activation device
you should right click that turn it off
then you press shift then you should
just drop like that ok so i think that's
basically it for the mod guys nice and
short and simple and yet brings a whole
bunch of a bunch of thumb back she's
just been flying around these mountains
in these trees for a while now i got
distracted and you know how that goes ok
well anyways I hope you guys enjoyed the
video hope you guys enjoy the mod let me
know what you guys think and if there
are any mods that you want me to do
definitely they like favorite in a
comment and yeah I hope you guys have a
wonderful wonderful day come on picture
come on no no I'm not high enough damn
it damn